Add entitlement set docs (#605)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/api/index.html.md

- [Team tokens](../users-teams-organizations/service-accounts.html#team-service-accounts) — each team has an associated service account, which can have one API token at a time. This is intended for performing plans and applies via a CI/CD pipeline.
- [Organization tokens](../users-teams-organizations/service-accounts.html#organization-service-accounts) — each organization also has a service account, which can have one API token at a time. This is intended for automating the management of teams, team membership, and workspaces. The organization token cannot perform plans and applies.

## Feature Entitlements

TFE is available at multiple pricing tiers (including free), which offer different subsets of TFE's features.

Each organization has a set of _entitlements_ that corresponds to its pricing tier. These entitlements determine which TFE features the organization can use.

If an organization doesn't have the necessary entitlement to use a given feature:

> - TFE rejects API requests to any endpoints devoted to that feature, returning a (SPECIFIC ERROR CODE GOES HERE) error.

Author: ```suggestion
- TFE rejects API requests to any endpoints devoted to that feature, returning a *404 NOT FOUND*  error.
```

> - (Anything else? Do some endpoints change their response, e.g. do workspace objects have some properties missing if the org can't perform runs?)

Author: Nope! JSON response objects remain the same for now (I don't think we will change that, but I could be wrong).
